[Icon] Update props (#10220)
Shopify/polaris: documentation/guides/migrating-from-v11-to-v12.md

**Button**

- connectedDisclosure: [See the updated split example](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button)

// TODO - Boolean prop to tone, variant migration

**Icon**

> - Backdrop, this is not a patter in the new Polaris design language. If you must use a backdrop on your icon, use Box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backdrop is not a pattern in the new Polaris design language. If you must use a backdrop on your icon, use Box.
```
